[Laughter]
pistol twirled formations
grow old together I'll just do that
little scene early after all my matter
hello how are you
Walter there is someone in my mind I'm
trying to figure out who it is it's just
great it's just Poulter I still don't
like what has been dead from 15 years it
bother you that your mother's talking to
a computer program or that nuclear
program is pretending to be your dad
you're a good Walter either way thank
you okay see how it's how she remembers
her I don't want to get you in trouble
you learn I like that she's nicer to
that thing they just makes your father
of this she's being nice her too
are you jealous your poor old mother was
born in the 20th century try to be
patient with me I'm not that far gone
[Music]
you remember something remember the last
time you remembered it so it's always
getting fuzzier like a photocopy of a
photocopy I'll remember that now do you
have emotions but you just remember
hours or a fine woman Marjorie yeah it's
a shame we can't drink and loosen you up
I'm not getting better
am i Walter no not you I don't want you
I want Walter
[Music]
petty infringement compromise betrayal
all relationships are impossible Oh
Moktar the things you forget hey with me
awhile I'll be right here Marjorie I
have all the time in the world
[Music]